if there is a plant that evokes the
sun is the oleander and yet
it's a plant that's easy to
cuttings
the success of a laurel cuttings
roses must pass by the choice
from the end of the rod that you go
take off if you take a stem that
is too long you will have
difficulties for recovery then
often on a laurel there are young people
shoots and it's a young shoot whose
the in between are not tight enough this is the
ideal cutting to succeed especially
especially the cutting does not have to be
buttonhole with future flowers on it
now that we have cut our
cuttings we need a glass a glass
two-thirds full of water a piece
of charcoal we're going
put inside then the
particularity of charcoal that
will prevent the water from getting bad
smells the water will always be clear
and then a stretch film
we will start by putting the film
stretchy on the green gold the reason is
quite simple if to avoid precisely
evaporation that is to say that the
cutting live to practically
the suffocated but simply the stem
now we are going to do our
cuttings so this is a cutting that has
many
between us we have several leaves so
several areas of leaves we will cut
just under the sheet but before the
cut we will first remove the leaves
without tearing the rod on both sides
now we have our coach
which is located here we go
cut right under the knot and we're going
now put this cuttings into the
green then to avoid evaporation
we can always cut the end
leaves
now here is our cuttings is
ready we will be able to put it to
inside and pricking it into our
film and will go to make it a whole
little hole right in the middle and we're going
Slide the way such tempering cuttings
slightly in the water now here
our cuttings and finish with this movie
stretchable it will prevent evaporation
count several weeks
several months to have the first
roots mostly exposed his cuttings of
oleanders in the sun well at the
light and well to heat